[WOOSH]
[AUDIO LOGO]
[THEME MUSIC]
>> EMERY SMITH: Today
on "Cosmic Disclosure,"
we are joined by
Victoria Whitney,
a Doctor of Science and a
retired member of the United
States Navy
Department of Defense.
She has worked as an
environmental engineer
and scientist in special
programs and projects
and is an expert in
extraterrestrial and crash site
investigations.
Today, we'll be discussing
her first contact experience.
Victoria, welcome to the show.
>> VICTORIA WHITNEY:
Thank you, Emery.
>> EMERY: So let's talk a
little bit about yourself,
first of all, so the audience
gets to know who you are.
And tell us about
your experience
in the DoD and your
first contact experience.
>> WHITNEY: Sure.
I worked for the Department of
Defense, US Navy, for 15 years.
What I did for them was
a lot of water quality
since we're on the
Marine environment.
[LAUGHS]
>> EMERY: Fun.
>> WHITNEY: And I was fortunate
enough to work on a lot
of special projects, which
allowed me to see the Marine
environment in a different way.
At that point, I never
really had any contact
in the shipyard where we
worked, but as time went on,
that changed.
And I had a very personal
contact waiting for the bus
one morning.
And of course, at that time, we
had no cameras in the shipyard.
You could not take
a picture, so I
didn't get a chance to do that.
But we watched for 42
minutes while a very large
black triangular ship went over
the shipyard, the entire thing.
We could tell that they were
monitoring because we could
see a beam coming down from it.
It looked like
particles coming down.
We could see that something
was being returned to the ship.
And like I say,
it was 42 minutes.
We could see portals
on the outside.
We could see that there
were live beings looking out
those portals.
>> EMERY: So this wasn't a
reverse-engineered Navy craft.
This was--
>> WHITNEY: This was an actual--
it had symbols on the side
of it that I couldn't even
tell you what they said.
But at some point, when it
finished what it was doing
and security came,
as they should have,
we were told afterwards
not to discuss this.
But at one point, the
ship decided it was done
and was gone just like that.
>> EMERY: Do you know
why they were there?
It's a scrap yard.
I've been on Navy ship--
Navy bases with scrap yards.
And there's many different
things that could be on there--
>> WHITNEY: Exactly.
>> EMERY: --that are secret.
>> WHITNEY: Yeah, I think it was
interesting because they scanned
all of the ships.
This is a surface shipyard.
They scanned all of the ships.
Several of them are
nuclear vessels.
So I'm pretty sure that's
what they were looking for.
They started scanning
several of the buildings.
And same thing, I
think they were looking
for nuclear-type material.
You never really know.
But like I say, it took
them 42 minutes to do this.
They were very thorough because
they did a zigzag pattern
back and forth over it.
>> EMERY: Now, they didn't like
scramble a bunch of jets to go.
>> WHITNEY: No.
And that's--
>> EMERY: They just let
them do their thing?
>> WHITNEY: It was fascinating.
I don't even think most
of the people recognized
what was going on.
>> EMERY: How many
witnesses were there?
>> WHITNEY: There were 15
of us waiting for the bus.
And like I say,
we all, of course,
had that direct attention, paid
attention to what's going on.
And then security showed up.
They had a strange reaction.
I mean, it was more they were
stunned and just didn't move.
And like I say, at the
end, they took reports,
as they should have.
But they also told us,
don't talk about this.
And--
>> EMERY: Were you affected
by that in any way?
>> WHITNEY: Not at all.
I mean, I was fascinated.
Everybody goes, oh, you
should have been alarmed.
And I was like,
this is fascinating.
>> EMERY: Victoria,
at some point,
you did have some
direct contacts.
Could you tell us a little
bit more about that?
>> WHITNEY: Yes, so I've had
contacts since I was five years
old.
Didn't have a lot of meaning
to me when I was a child.
But in 2009, I had
a very real contact.
I was in Washington,
DC for work.
I was walking back from
the Norfolk shipyard.
And these two beings just
appeared in front of me.
They explained to
me telepathically
that they were Pleiadians
and that they were there
to show me something
very important.
And then one of them put
his hand on my shoulder,
and next thing I
knew, I was standing
in front of this building.
I have no idea where it was at.
Brick building, about
four stories high,
green glass on the front of it.
We went inside.
It was a very
sterile environment.
He explained to
me at that point--
like I said, there
was two of them.
One of them, I never had
telepathic contact with.
But the main one, he told
me his name was Mwakmwah.
[LAUGHS] Say that
five times real fast.
But he took me in.
We walked through
this lobby area.
We got into an elevator.
I have no idea how far
we went up because you
couldn't tell from any markers.
>> EMERY: Do you think you went
somewhere, or just consciously,
you went with him, but you're
still on the street with him
probably?
>> WHITNEY: No, I think I
actually went somewhere.
>> EMERY: Or did
you dematerialize?
Maybe you just--
>> WHITNEY: Yes.
I believe that they
took me someplace
because there was a difference
in the external environment.
And then when we went
into this building,
we got out on the floor.
There were clear glass
panels everywhere,
but it was like an
interactive type screen.
One of them had
different pictures
from all over the world on it.
One of them had what
I would call something
like chemical formulas on it.
There were different languages
written on some of them.
Some of them, you could
see active movement.
And we walked down this long
hall and went into this room.
And the only thing
in the room was what
looked like a lounge chair.
And when I sat on
the chair, there
was this halo thing that
went around my head.
And I felt-- I wasn't afraid
or I felt very comfortable.
>> EMERY: Is this the
one you talked about,
where it envelops you?
>> WHITNEY: Yes.
>> EMERY: And could you
explain that to the--
>> WHITNEY: Sure.
So the chair, for all
intents and purposes,
looked like any other chair.
But as soon as I sat in it,
it came around like a cocoon.
It was very comforting.
I felt very good.
There's these two armrests
that you put your hands on.
And there's little pads
on there and your fingers
are in the pads.
Like I say, there's a piece
that's around your head.
The whole time, I could see
everything around the room.
He explained to me what
was going to happen.
He said, I'm going to
take you on a trip.
This is very important.
This is our future.
The next thing I knew,
we were in the cosmos.
And I looked out--
I mean, talk about
awe-inspiring.
And he showed me, he said, this
is the Pegasus constellation.
That's where we're going to go.
And he had showed me
other constellations
so I could have a
frame of reference.
So we went to the
Pegasus constellation.
And I mean, there was
no time whatsoever.
I mean, one minute, I was here,
the next minute, I was there.
When we came in,
it looked like we
were approaching a large
planet, but it turned out
to be a biosphere.
And he said this is
Omicron Commonwealth.
So that was the first time
I had heard that expression.
And he said this is the
future that has to happen.
And of course, for
me, I have no frame
of reference at this point.
And he said, I'm going
to take you inside.
We went inside.
They could not see us, but
we could see everything
that was going on in there.
And the thing that really sunk
it for me is the fact that
my 12-year-old grandson, he's 12
now, was sitting at a console,
and he was a security
officer for this biosphere.
And then we went down to the
med bay, and a friend of mine,
her daughter, who was eight
now, was all grown up,
and she was working
in the med bay.
And so there was that
context for me that wow,
this is really happening.
>> EMERY: Yeah.
And your lineage is
continuing to travel 10,
20 years into the future.
But where's Earth?
>> WHITNEY: This
is their concern,
and this is what they
were expressing to me,
is that Earth is lying in
the pathway of something
that's coming.
And we needed to come
together as a planet
and quit being so
divisive, so that we
can work together to make
sure that our planet is safe.
And at that point, my first
question is going to be,
so what are you
going to do to help?
I mean, obviously, they have
more technology than we have.
And they explained to me,
we're non-interventionists.
We can show you your future.
We can give you
a path to follow,
but you have to do
this for yourselves.
And then they took me from
the Pegasus constellation
over to the Draconian
constellation, Draco.
And when we got there,
it was very dark.
There was a lot of what I
would call roiling-type clouds,
and fire, and things like that.
And they said this is the
great evil that's coming.
Of course, I don't have a frame
of reference for that either.
And so they said the Draconians
had allied with the Serpents
and that they want to take
over the third dimension.
And I mean, what do I
have to do with this?
But they said that
Omicron Commonwealth
was a necessity to stop this.
>> EMERY: Why did
they choose you?
>> WHITNEY: Good question.
But they said they looked
for the beings that
had the gold frequency.
>> EMERY: OK.
>> WHITNEY: And apparently, we
don't have that many on this
planet.
They said there were only
23 in the United States.
There were 42 all
total across Europe.
So not very many.
And that we all have to
be used for this purpose.
So when they came to me, that's
exactly what they say each time,
is we follow the
gold light to you.
So that was my first instance.
We came back.
Of course, I got to
process all of this.
And so I started on
that path of trying
to figure out how to do this.
And so Mwakmwah
gives me downloads.
If I get off path, he makes
sure that I get back on path.
So that was really
my first instance.
And then a couple
of years ago, we
had another instance where
an entire conclave came
from the United Galactic
Federation, who has been
doing projects here on Earth.
And they walked into our
shop on a Friday night.
>> EMERY: What's the difference
between the United Federation
of Planets compared to the
United Galactic Federation?
>> WHITNEY: So the original
name was The Planets,
but they evolved.
So they've had a lot of
changes within their system.
And so they've evolved.
And so they all wore the
United Galactic Federation
on their uniforms.
But then some of them also
have the Andromedan Council
on their uniforms.
And then they have
a conclave, which
is where they are
part of the science.
So that's really the
planetary aspect now,
is that science end of it.
>> EMERY: Can you explain the
concept of the conclave with
these extraterrestrial beings?
>> WHITNEY: Sure.
So, the word conclave,
which they use frequently,
means a select elite
group of scientists
who specialize in
several different areas,
and they bring
them all together.
One of the things
that they mentioned
is that every time
a team goes out,
it consists of the
same type of scientist.
So there'll be one
that's neurocognitive
and one that's biological,
different aspects of that.
So whatever they encounter,
there's a specialist on site.
And they're highly intelligent.
So the conclave
itself was assigned
to be here for three years.
They did leave a
little bit early
when they thought they had
completed their project.
And they also
thought that the rate
we were going with our politics,
that this might not be the best
place for them to be.
So they left a little bit early.
We've since heard from them.
They are trying to
negotiate with us to do
another project with them.
>> EMERY: What were
some of their findings?
>> WHITNEY: They have multiple
projects going on here.
They've told us that they're
doing archeological projects.
They're looking for
ancient power sources
that have been left behind.
They do a lot of
volcanic studies
here for multiple reasons, one
of them being power, but then
also that Geo cache that
happens under the Earth.
They're interested in that.
They're looking at just lots
of different types of things.
They're really into
neurocognition,
which is one of the scientists
that they sent to us,
he called himself Cat
Stevens, which is interesting.
But he's their
neurocognitive scientist.
And he said that that's
what they're doing,
is could what's happening
here be their future?
And so they do a lot of
studies in behaviors.
And so if we look at the
planet from an outside view,
we have a lot of trash heaps.
We have a lot of people
living on streets.
They don't have any frame
of reference for that.
And so I think they
looked at that and said,
what's happening here?
And so they chose.
This is the third
time they've been here
about homelessness too.
That was interesting.
And they came to see if
changes had occurred in it,
and it had gotten much worse.
>> EMERY: Right, right.
>> WHITNEY: Yeah.
>> EMERY: I mean, I think the
audience also needs to know when
we say homelessness, we're not
just talking about the United
States.
We're talking about--
>> WHITNEY: Worldwide.
>> EMERY: Worldwide.
So many different third world
countries are out there with--
>> WHITNEY: Right, right.
Like I say, they're looking
at it from the outside.
And we very much
have that appearance
that this is happening all over.
And so they had more than one
conclave here studying that.
I know that there
was one in India,
and I know that there was
one over in Europe somewhere,
I'm not quite sure where.
They believe that a lot of what
the government has put in place
creates inequality and
separation amongst people.
They also believe that the
drugs and the mental disorders
are constantly being
brought up in their faces,
that they're not doing
anything to relieve that.
And it's sad.
And we did-- Althan
had an experience.
There he realized that they
had not been eating well.
So in his infinite
wisdom, he thought, well,
I'll supply them with food.
He could just go to the ship and
manufacture whatever they need.
And his intention was good, but
it didn't go the way he thought.
And they took it the
wrong way, the community
that he was living in, and
they wound up beating him up.
And he came back
to me, and he says,
I don't understand
what happened.
And I said, well,
you didn't fit in.
You did something.
Yes, you did it out of the
goodness of your heart,
but that's not the
way they took it.
And they became very
suspicious of him after that.
And he got a black eye.
Well, he could have just gone to
the med bay and had that fixed.
But I told him, I
said, no, you get
to wear that black eye
for a couple of weeks,
so that you don't
ruin your cover.
Yeah.
And so that was a
learning curve for them.
And he says, this hurts.
And I said, welcome
to our world.
But it's an interesting
set-up the way they do that.
We do somewhat the same thing.
We don't call it
a conclave, but we
try to put our experts
together to work and network.
And so I think
what they're trying
to tell us is that look
at things differently.
And we're so divisive
here, unfortunately,
that it is hard for us to come
together and look at things.
And usually, somebody
who's looking at it
is in such a higher up rank,
some government official
or something like that, that the
practical application of what's
happening at that level
is sort of left out
of the scheme of things.
And that's a lot of
what they pointed to.
They would come and
say directly, well,
your government's
responsible for this.
You're creating inequalities.
You're creating a divide
between economics.
And they're true statements.
But you and I, how are
we going to affect that?
And so that's what
they're looking at,
is this may be their future.
I don't think it is.
But I think what's
going to happen is
that they've recognized that.
And it does have to
do with our resources
that a lot of what they're
looking at is they're saying,
we need to unify.
We need to protect the
resources on the Earth.
We need to learn to
communicate better.
Those are the three things that
they've pointed to each time.
So we're trying to
get there, but we
have to have an understanding
of what that means as well.
>> EMERY: So who are some of
these members of the conclave
that you actually interacted
with, and what were their roles?
>> WHITNEY: So the conclave
that we dealt with had two
Pleiadians.
One was the commander.
He went by the name of Zendor.
But they all chose Earth name,
so he went by the name of River.
And then his liaison officer,
her name was Ilialia.
She was Pleiadian.
She chose the name Joy.
And what's interesting
is the names
they chose reflected
their real name.
So her name in
Pleiadian means elation.
So that was an interesting
thing to see how they went
about fitting themselves in.
Then there were two Orions.
They argued constantly about
who was older and smarter.
And I thought that was--
>> EMERY: It's kind of comical.
>> WHITNEY: It is.
And one of them had
a sense of humor.
The other one did not.
So one was Althan.
The other one was Revayh.
And there were two Arcturians,
but I never met one of them.
He was the data expert,
and he stayed on the ship.
So I never had any
contact with him.
But the other one chose
the name Cat Stevens,
and his name was Koh Ni Dah.
And they all had very
individual personalities,
but what's interesting
is they all
have somewhat of a
similar belief system.
And so they all had
these five premises
that they lived
by, understanding
that energy is everything.
The fact that they
believe in something
akin to what we
call the Law of One,
that you must have unconditional
love and service to others
and that you should be
following the 42 universal laws.
>> EMERY: Do they
mention religion?
>> WHITNEY: No.
They call religion the law.
Like I say, we don't look
at things the same way.
So I would ask them generally
about, do you have a religion?
And they'll say there's
only one source.
And so that's really
how they function.
>> EMERY: So you're
physically with these beings.
What is it like to
be before non-humans?
>> WHITNEY: We all have
the same energies flowing.
So I felt very
comfortable with them.
I never felt threatened.
So they wear these little
inner phasors on their belts,
so that they can look
more human fitting
in with the homeless people.
And at one point, when
they felt very comfortable,
then they began to turn
the inner phasors off.
And so I got to see them
in their real forms.
>> EMERY: How do they come
here and function in the 3D?
>> WHITNEY: Well, they
have technology to do that.
They wear these little
inner phasors on their belt,
and it allows them to
function more as a human.
They do have to go back
and go through some type
of transformation for their
body because of the difference
in gravity here.
>> EMERY: Now is that
a type of psionic,
or is it more of an
illusion with the device?
>> WHITNEY: No.
They physically change.
And that's part
of the reason they
have to go have
this repair done,
is from going from
one aspect to another,
it's very hard on
their actual body
and along with the
gravity and everything,
it causes some sort
of cellular breakdown.
And so they go and
have that repaired.
Usually about every three
months, we would see one of them
leave to go have
whatever system they're
using to, for the lack of a
better word, rehab their body.
They are much older than we are.
>> EMERY: How much older?
>> WHITNEY: Several
hundred years.
One of them was 1,500 years old.
So they have a lot of wisdom
that they've maintained
in their consciousness.
But one of the things
that's interesting
is they can't
represent themselves
to most people because
of the frequency.
So they have to step
their frequency down.
We have to step ours up.
And that's why they're
looking for people
that they call are the gold--
>> EMERY: With a higher vibe.
>> WHITNEY: Yeah.
Right.
So that you can come together
and be able to interact.
And so for our
team, I have a lot
of people that have high
consciousness but not quite
high enough to make
that gap in there.
And so that was an
interesting thing,
is that I can relay things.
As long as they're
wearing the interphaser
and that human side is on, they
can interact pretty normal.
But once they're in
their normal state,
it becomes much more
difficult thing.
>> EMERY: How do your
interactions with the conclave
enhance your view
of the universe?
>> WHITNEY: I believe we're
all starseeds in some form
or another.
And I believe that
they are our lineage.
That's the way I was raised.
So from that perspective,
I was willing to accept
whatever they have to give us.
I mean, I look at it as a gift.
But I think it also changed
my perspective in the way
that I understand that that
unconditional love really
does exist out there
because I saw it in them.
And I understand that while
they're non-interventionist,
it doesn't mean that
they don't care about us.
And so that changed my
perspective a lot and the fact
that, oh, there is hope
for the rest of us.
Because what we see on this
planet right now is sad.
And what I wanted to see is
that people could say, oh, look,
we too can become that way.
And so that was a change for
me to be able to say, wait--
>> EMERY: There's a possibility.
>> WHITNEY: Exactly.
>> EMERY: There's hope.
And that we can get to that
higher level of frequency
and understand that we can love
one another, that we don't have
to constantly be at each other.
>> EMERY: You spoke about
the Andromedans earlier.
How do they fit
into this conclave?
>> WHITNEY: They have a big
seat in the United Galactic
Federation, but they also
have the Andromedan Council,
which is their
governing authority.
They believe that they have
always been very progressive
towards other civilizations.
They consider themselves the
shipbuilders of the universe.
And one was a pilot,
one was a navigator,
were very standoffish at first.
They have this very
air of superiority.
But that began to change, and
we started having more fuller
conversations.
What they said to me was is
that there's 26,000 different
lineages for them that
has happened over time.
So they don't all look alike.
And what I found
interesting about them
is that they're very tribal.
So the two of them say they
were bred for their position
and had markings that we would
consider here very tribal.
And that's the way that
they see each other.
And I thought that was just an
interesting thing because we
get markings for whatever reason
here, tattoos and what have you.
But it was a very symbolic way
for them to be able to say,
we're akin to what we're doing.
>> EMERY: Would you say
they are the highest part
in the parliament there,
that you're mentioning here--
you said they were almost.
So who's higher than them?
>> WHITNEY: Yeah.
I think the Orions
have been there longer.
Originally, there were
people from Sirius
that were much higher, but
they factioned themselves off.
And so there's
multiple groups now.
And I think that made
a change for them
in the way in which
they view things.
But the Andromedans are
still very much part of that.
They do have scientists.
We just didn't
have any that were
scientists in this conclave.
Like I said, there was just
the pilot and the navigator.
Xeronne and Kitanne.
>> EMERY: Xeronne and Kitanne.
>> WHITNEY: Yes.
Very tall.
Both of them were 9 feet tall.
Muscular bodies.
Very athletic.
I mean, I always
thought being in shape--
I used to be a bodybuilder, so
I knew about being in shape.
I don't know about
being in shape.
They are perfect specimens.
Their faces are a little
bit on the thin side,
so they apparently have
a very structured jaw.
The hair, I found-- everybody
growing up, they would say,
oh, some of them have red hair.
Some of them have blonde.
These two, one had
blue and gold hair,
and the other one had
orange and blue hair.
Very edgy-looking haircuts.
Like I say, they had symbols.
I can't say that they
were tattooed in them,
but they have these symbols
that don't wash off.
The eyes are very intense.
I mean, when they
look at you, it's
like they're looking
right through you.
Both of them had very thin
lips but high cheekbones.
Their ears are a little
bit different than ours.
We have the rounded effect.
They have more of a
pointed effect on them.
We have a lot of extra
cartilage in here.
They don't have a lot of that.
They have a module
that they wear
behind their ear that allows
them to interface with their AI.
>> EMERY: They have facial
hair or just a hair on the--
>> WHITNEY: They had no
facial hair whatsoever.
>> EMERY: And the arms,
were they long or short,
and how many fingers
did they have?
>> WHITNEY: So five
fingers, five toes.
He made a point of showing me.
So they have a little bit of
a bluish tint to their skin.
They do have copper-based blood.
So I think that contributes
to what that is.
They do talk about the
sun's effect on them.
So they have a different
sun system, they say,
that contributes to the
coloring of their skin.
They felt they were
faded here, which
I thought was an interesting--
>> EMERY: Faded.
>> WHITNEY: Faded.
So not so much intensity
to their skin color.
I did notice that they had
different colored eyes.
So Kitanne had very blue
eyes, and Xeronne had
very turquoise-colored eyes.
You stare at something,
and you try--
do they have a pupil in there?
Because I never saw that really.
But their eyes have very
separate sectioning to them.
So you see a contrast of
color that looks very deep.
And I think it makes their
eyes look more piercing
because of that.
Like I say, it
looks like they're
looking right through you.
One of the things I
noticed that's interesting
is we breathe without
thinking about it.
And I noticed that they
have sort of a breath count
that they do.
And I thought that
was interesting
because I would have
never thought of that.
But I think it has to do with
the way in which they maintain
their spirituality.
And so we talk about a 10-breath
meditation or something.
And so I noticed that they
were doing that when they're
standing there talking to you.
So I don't know if that's
something all of them do
or but--
>> EMERY: Gives
them energy maybe.
>> WHITNEY: Maybe.
Right.
They do have an
aura about them when
they're in their natural form.
So theirs was sort of a
blue violent aura, which
was a little bit different from
the Orions or the Pleiadians.
They do say that the area
that they come from, OK,
so I don't know whether that
means regional area or it
means career area.
But they do say that
for the most part,
everybody that's in
their area is very much
reflected like they are.
And then they talk
about the council,
that they had told us that
when we see the council,
they wear long robes that
designate who they are,
that most of them have
long flowing hair.
And I thought that
was interesting
because Mwakmwah, when I met
him, wore a very long white robe
and had very long white hair.
So I don't know if that's
characteristic of a certain
lineage or how they view that.
The Andromedan clothing,
they wear three buttons on.
I don't know if it's a
cuff or exactly what it is,
but it's nanotechnology.
And so at one point,
I would see them
in their customary flight suit.
And it's like wearing
a second skin for them.
You can see some shadowing
and iridescence across it
because it's an environmentally
controlled suit.
And then when we
went to the ship,
they were going to change
into something else.
So he just touched
a button, and you
could see the whole thing going
up and changing like that.
So I've seen them
wear a jacket before
as part of a uniform and tighter
pants like we wear in the boots.
>> EMERY: Are the boots
and the pants connected,
or are they separate.
>> WHITNEY: No,
they were separate.
Now, the Arcturians,
theirs is all one piece.
>> EMERY: Any headdresses,
or helmets, or hats?
>> WHITNEY: The Andromedans wore
a piece that came across this
side.
Their hair usually
came out on one side.
It looked like it had
a visor piece that
clung to their forehead.
I think that it's
probably had sensors
in it because
occasionally, I would see
little lights flash off of it.
But both of them were
that type of headdress.
>> EMERY: What about
that Andromedan Council?
What's their part in this whole
thing and their legal authority
over the governance
of the conclave?
>> WHITNEY: Well, they
have a lot of planets.
So they have this
governing authority
that they call the
Andromedan Council.
They make, for lack of a better
word, laws that they adhere to.
They're very spiritual.
So that was the one thing
that I could see up front,
is that everything came
from that spiritual aspect.
And they say that their
council is much more spiritual.
So I don't have any frame
of reference for that.
But I can only imagine,
watching these two,
and they're very spiritual.
And then to say our
council is more spiritual
is an interesting
take on their part.
What I looked at
mostly was the way
in which they adhered to
interacting with others.
>> EMERY: How did they
communicate with you,
and how did they
communicate with each other?
>> WHITNEY: Well, it
depends on who's around.
So if there are
other people around,
then they gave me
audible communication.
But if it was just me, then
everything was telepathic.
Which I, honestly,
after doing that,
is the more preferred
way of doing things.
>> EMERY: Absolutely.
>> WHITNEY: You get much more
information more clearly.
And then they communicate with
themselves telepathically.
So it's interesting
to watch them
work because you can tell
something's going on,
but not a word is being said.
Like I say, I think
it's more efficient.
We should get there.
The interesting thing
is that most of them
speak multiple languages.
And so they just
automatically go
into whatever they need to say,
depending on who they're with.
>> EMERY: Do they have a
perspective on spirituality?
>> WHITNEY: They do.
So they believe
in the one source.
>> EMERY: The one source.
>> WHITNEY: The one source.
They believe that it's
intelligent energy that
can self-realize.
Because of that energy
self-realizing, they exist.
And so they live under the
premise of unconditional love,
also the premise of
service to others.
They believe that there
was a period when they--
or they had a period when they
were doing service to self.
And they said they saw a
decline in their civilization,
so they nixed that.
>> EMERY: And serve
others, right.
>> WHITNEY: And serve others.
>> EMERY: That makes sense.
>> WHITNEY: Right.
And then the 42
universal laws is really
what governs everything
that they do.
So they'll have free
will or cause and effect.
There's many different
sides to that.
But that's what forms the
basis of who they are.
And in the way in which
they act with you,
there's such a calm,
peaceful feeling.
There isn't that anxiety that
you get with a lot of people.
And I really appreciated
them sharing that with us.
It's very much an
energetic thing.
They believe that
energy is everything.
And we'll say something,
and they'll go, well,
you know it's just energy.
And now I'm saying
that everywhere I go.
You know it's just energy.
But it very much is the
thing that places them
above everything
else because they
will go from that perspective.
That, well, it's just energy.
What do you want to do with it?
>> EMERY: So how are they
looking at their intelligence
compared-- like they're
so smart, you said.
They have all this knowledge.
How does that compare to
some of the other races?
>> WHITNEY: So they consider
themselves revelationists.
>> EMERY: OK.
>> WHITNEY: OK.
So having said that, what it
means is seekers of knowledge.
And so instead of, here,
money is so important to us.
For them, knowledge
is important.
And that's the thing that
they're always searching for.
And they try to
convey knowledge to us
when they communicate with us.
We sit there, and we say,
well, was that a lesson
I was supposed to learn?
And they say, no, we're gifting
you the knowledge of it.
And I thought, what
a wonderful thing
if we could just gift
each other with knowledge.
And so that's really
where they're coming from,
is that they have
decided what's important.
And through their
spirituality, they've
discovered that knowledge is
really the most important thing
that we can have.
And so they're
seeking that knowledge
to apply it to
their civilization.
>> EMERY: So is this Federation
working with other governances,
and governments,
and corporations,
and the military and also people
like you that are gifted with
the gold?
>> WHITNEY: Sure.
Well, I've had discussions
with them about this curiosity.
And what they've said is
that in the beginning,
they did approach governments,
and they were turned away
in a lot of forms, that it seems
to be that our governments want
something from them
rather than a cooperation.
So they don't do
that so much anymore.
They tend to stay
away from the military
because it comes down to
the military wanting to know
what type of weapons do you use?
How can we get our
hands on those?
And of course, that's not
where they're coming from.
And so they tend to
pick on people like us.
They can communicate with us.
We're not being
pretentious, or we're not
trying to withhold
something from them.
And that allows them to
be more open with us.
So they look for
people that they
say have the gold light that
they can go and interface with.
>> EMERY: So what was your
takeaway from this whole first
contact for you?
>> WHITNEY: My takeaway,
wow, that's large.
>> EMERY: It's a lot.
>> WHITNEY: Right.
Well, I always believed
in unconditional love,
but I got to see
another side of it.
And you can try to explain
to people what that means.
And everybody has a different
take on what that means.
But when I saw it from
their perspective,
I really looked at the fact
that I'm on the right track.
And I got up, and I said no.
They showed me
Omicron Commonwealth.
That was for a reason.
I believe in what
it's supposed to do.
And I believe that as a people.
I mean, if we look
at this and we
say there's only one race on
Earth, that's a human race,
what more to unify to?
And so now looking
at this, I understand
that they to see us that
way and that moving forward
with my last breath, this
is what I'm going to do.
>> EMERY: Yeah.
It looks like they
threw out your life,
they've been giving you all
these different little messages,
showing you specific things,
and you put it together.
>> WHITNEY: Yes.
Yes.
>> EMERY: And now
you're presenting it.
>> WHITNEY: Yes.
>> EMERY: Well,
thank you so much.
I really appreciate you
being on the show, Victoria.
>> WHITNEY: Well, thank
you for having me.
I enjoyed it.
>> EMERY: I'm Emery Smith, and
this is "Cosmic Disclosure."
Until next time.